Technical Analysis for AI Execution: Displaying Movie Data on Website After API Fetch
1. Input Data from API
The system receives raw movie data from the phimapi.com API, including:

Movie title
Unique identifier (slug)
Release year
Description
Genres
Poster image URL
Episode list (if applicable)
Streaming/embed links
Additional metadata (actors, countries, ratings, etc.)
2. Data Processing Pipeline
2.1 Data Validation and Normalization
Verify completeness and validity of data fields (e.g., non-empty title, valid image URLs).
Normalize text data: capitalize titles, clean up descriptions, standardize genre names.
Validate and sanitize URLs for posters and streaming links to ensure security and accessibility.
Format release year and other numeric fields consistently.
2.2 Data Enrichment (Optional)
Automatically classify movies into predefined categories (e.g., Action, Drama, Comedy, Animation, Horror, Sci-Fi) based on genre metadata.
Generate SEO-friendly slugs or URLs for frontend routing.
Add AI-generated tags, ratings, or content summaries if applicable.
2.3 Data Storage and Cache Update
Insert new or update existing movie records in the backend database (SQL or NoSQL).
Update cache layers (e.g., Redis or Memcached) to speed up frontend queries.
Mark records as successfully updated with timestamps for synchronization tracking.
3. Backend API Design
Provide RESTful or GraphQL endpoints to serve movie data to the frontend.
Support pagination and filtering by genre or other attributes.
Return data in JSON format structured as:
Copy
{
  "movies": [
    {
      "title": "Kung Fu Panda",
      "year": 2008,
      "poster_url": "https://example.com/poster.jpg",
      "slug": "kung-fu-panda",
      "genres": ["Animation", "Comedy"],
      ...
    },
    ...
  ],
  "pagination": {
    "current_page": 1,
    "total_pages": 10
  }
}
Implement rate limiting, authentication, and error handling as needed.
4. Frontend Rendering Logic
Display movies in a responsive grid layout with poster images, titles, and release years.
Include a genre filter bar with options like All, Action, Drama, Comedy, Animation, Horror, Sci-Fi.
Implement pagination controls to navigate through multiple pages.
Provide a search bar to query movies or actors.
Add user interface elements such as Sign In button and navigation menu.
Make each movie poster clickable to navigate to detailed movie pages.
5. Execution Workflow for AI or Automated System
Fetch Data: Periodically or on-demand, call the phimapi.com API to retrieve movie lists and detailed info.
Validate & Normalize: Clean and standardize the data for consistency.
Store & Cache: Save the processed data in the database and update caches.
Serve Data: Backend APIs expose the updated data to frontend clients.
Render UI: Frontend fetches data from APIs and updates the user interface accordingly.
User Interaction: Users browse, filter, search, and view movie details seamlessly.
6. Additional Considerations
Error Handling: Retry failed API calls and log errors for monitoring.
Performance: Use caching to reduce database load and improve response times.
Security: Sanitize all inputs and secure API endpoints.
Scalability: Design APIs and frontend components to handle increasing data volume and user traffic.
Monitoring: Track data freshness, API usage, and system health.